Hi guys.
Doctor e here on this section is the advanced problems section what I mean by advanced problems and
these are problems where you're given a charge distribution it could be uniform it could be variation
doesn't matter.
But what you have to do in order to find the field or the electrical potential somewhere in space is
you have to use some calculus because you have to add them all up.
So we call this you have to integrate them in order to find the total electric field.
So if you're taking an algebra based physics class I probably wouldn't worry too much about the section
I mean feel free to go watch the videos see how it's done but it's usually something that's a little
too advanced for algebra based physics classes.
If you're an undergrad and wanted to learn how to do these things then yeah by all means watch the videos.
I'll add some more problems from time to time if students have requests of advanced problems.
I also include them in this section.
Okay.
Thanks for watching.